# Linux-Verse
Linux-Verse is your perfect beginner-friendly guide To Linux. I will explain everything you NEED TO KNOW whether you use noob OSes like Linux Lite or Zorin (Linux Distros) or something more intermediate. Here are som Things to Know;

# What is Linux?
It's not really an OS but a Kernel. Now what's that? it's the base software used to code an OS and is used by windows and MacOS. The difference is that the Linux Kernel is open-source and available for anyone to download, or Modify. Though to modify the Kernel on global scale you need to take permission from `The Linux Foundation`. So why do people refer to Linux as an OS, well because it actually is! it's a general term used for Linux OSes. So whhy do people say `Switch to Linux` instead of naming an OS. Well, why do people say `Is Windows Better or MacOS?` instead of refering to a specific version like `Windows 11`. You'll say: `because there are several versions`. That's the case with Linux. It has a broad range of **Distributions** (distros for short) each one tailoured to a different use, with many being just copies of one another. When you google `"How many Linux Oses are there?" you'll see something like"` `600`. But that's not true! there are something like only 30 that work and are available for Download. Here are the Components a typical Linux Distro consists of:

# 1. Desktop Enviroment(DE):-
It's the GUI (Graphical User Interface) of an OS. In other words the thing that allows you to see your mouse, wallpaper and apps. Windows and MacOS use proprietary DEs, but Linux distros don't. Every Linux DE is completely open-source meaning you can use the one you Like on any distro. Here are Some of the Best ones: 
